RHIDP-5959 Update dangerouslyAllowSignInWithoutUserInCatalog config (#978)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/authentication/proc-enabling-authentication-with-github.adoc

          webhookSecret: ${GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET}
          privateKey: |
            ${GITHUB_PRIVATE_KEY_FILE}
signInPage: github # <3>
----

> <1> Mark the environment as `production` to hide the Guest login in the {product-short} home page.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Mark the environment as `production` to hide the Guest login in the {product-short} login page.
```

> <1> Mark the environment as `production` to hide the Guest login in the {product-short} login page.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Mark the environment as `production` and hide the Guest login option in the {product-short} login page.
```

> <2> Apply the same GitHub credentials configured in your {product-short} secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Apply the GitHub credentials configured in your {product-short} secrets.
```

> <2> Use the {product-short} application information that you have created in GitHub and configured in OpenShift as secrets.

Author: ```suggestion
<2> Apply the same GitHub credentials configured in your {product-short} secrets.
```

> <3> To enable the GitHub provider as default sign-in provider.

Reviewer 2: Same with this please!

> <3> To enable the GitHub provider as default sign-in provider.

Author: ```suggestion
<3> To enable the GitHub provider as your {product-short} sign-in provider.
```

        sessionDuration: { hours: 24 }
----

`signIn` ::

`resolvers`:::

> Enter the resolver list to override the default resolver: `usernameMatchingUserEntityName`.

Author: ```suggestion
After successful authentication, the user signing in must be resolved to an existing user in the {product-short} catalog. To best match users securely for your use case, consider configuring a specific resolver. Enter the resolver list to override the default resolver: `usernameMatchingUserEntityName`.

Warning: In production mode, only configure one resolver to ensure users are securely matched. 
```

        sessionDuration: { hours: 24 }
----

`signIn` ::

`resolvers`:::

> After successful authentication, the user signing in must be resolved to an existing user in the {product-short} catalog. To best match users securely for your use case, consider configuring a specific resolver. Enter the resolver list to override the default resolver: `usernameMatchingUserEntityName`.
> 
> Warning: In production mode, only configure one resolver to ensure users are securely matched. 
> The authentication provider tries each sign-in resolver in order until it succeeds, and fails if none succeed.

Author: ```suggestion
After successful authentication, the user signing in must be resolved to an existing user in the {product-short} catalog. To best match users securely for your use case, consider configuring a specific resolver. Enter the resolver list to override the default resolver: `usernameMatchingUserEntityName`.
+
The authentication provider tries each sign-in resolver in order until it succeeds, and fails if none succeed.
+
WARNING: In production mode, only configure one resolver to ensure users are securely matched. 
```

        sessionDuration: { hours: 24 }
----

`signIn` ::

`resolvers`:::
After successful authentication, the user signing in must be resolved to an existing user in the {product-short} catalog. To best match users securely for your use case, consider configuring a specific resolver. Enter the resolver list to override the default resolver: `usernameMatchingUserEntityName`.
+
The authentication provider tries each sign-in resolver in order until it succeeds, and fails if none succeed.
+
WARNING: In production mode, only configure one resolver to ensure users are securely matched. 

`resolver`::::
Enter the sign-in resolver name.

> Available resolvers:

Author: ```suggestion
Available resolvers:

```

        sessionDuration: { hours: 24 }
----

`signIn` ::

`resolvers`:::

> After successful authentication, the user signing in must be resolved to an existing user in the {product-short} catalog. To best match users securely for your use case, consider configuring a specific resolver. Enter the resolver list to override the default resolver: `usernameMatchingUserEntityName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successful authentication, the signed-in user needs to be resolved to an existing user in the {product-short} catalog. To ensure a secure and accurate user match for your setup, you must configure a specific resolver. You can define the resolver list to override the default `usernameMatchingUserEntityName` resolver.
```

Author: The suggestion is less accurate:

* First sentence: present tense is accurate, past tense is not.
* Second sentence: "consider" is accurate, "must" is not.
* Third sentence: "Enter" follows style guide: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#text-entry
